# Touch Tracker

__Touch Tracker__ is application uses the standard Flutter's 🙌 GestureDetector component to translate _down_, _up_ and _move_ events to __tap__, __longPress__, __move__ (start, continue and final) and __pause__ commands.

## Goal

- The main element allows implementing the declared filter is the hierarchical state machine (hsm), the code of which is automatically generated by the QHsm editor.
- The main goal is to encapsulate HSM into a Flutter application in order to make this application work in accordance with the logic embedded in the state machine scheme.

## Application structure

The application consists of the following elements:

- A widget, which is a primitive graphical component capable of reflecting touch and moving as a track and the state of this track, for example, as text.
- This widget must physically catch touch and transmit the corresponding events to the state machine.
- The state machine must interpret the events and translate them into tap, long press, move or pause events and render them in the app.

Below is a list of these elements and a brief description.

### DrawingWidget
__DrawingWidget__ is _StatelessWidget_, on the one hand it uses a standard __GestureDetector__ to intercept _onPanStart_, _onPanUpdate_ and _onPanEnd_ events and interpret them by the state machine, and on the other hand it uses a __GesturePainter__ to graphically display changes. __GesturePainter__ reflects the state of the special bloc-class _DrawingBloc_.

### GestureManager
This singleton object manages the hierarchical state machine. When gesture is started, an instance of __Tracker__ object is created inside this object, which contains the __HSM__.

## Movie

https://github.com/user-attachments/assets/d72ee971-acf7-4925-aa83-b5f8ec0f06b2


